Mlosier/io packdetails refresh (#1709)
newrelic/developer-website: src/markdown-pages/build-apps/add-visualizations-to-dashboard.mdx

</Callout>

> Next, find your published visualization in Instant Observability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, find your published visualization in the New Relic One app overlay.
```

Think this one needs to point to the app overlay. Not sure what language we're aligning on for that platform UI link, but `Instant Observability` doesn't match the next step

![Screen Shot 2021-09-29 at 11 38 30 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/20293876/135329480-741b1251-2558-4709-9012-18476d8daccd.jpg)

Reviewer: https://developerwebsitedevelop-mlosieriopackdetailsrefresh.gtsb.io/build-apps/add-visualizations-to-dashboard/
